
	
	1. Display the first name, last name, city and state for all customers who live in the same state as customer number 170 (Customers table).
	
	2. Display the package number, internet speed and sector number for all packages whose sector number equals to the sector number of 
	package number 10 (Packages table).
	
	3. Display the first name, last name and join date for all customers who joined the company after customer number 200 (Customers table).
	
	4. Display the first name, last name and join date for all customers who joined the company on the same month and on the same year 
	as customer number 372 (Customers table).
	
	5. Display the first name, last name, city, state and package number for all customers whose internet speed is 
	“5Mbps” (Customers and Packages table).
	
	6. Display the package number, internet speed and strt_date (the date it became available) for all packages who became available on 
	the same year as package number 7 (Packages table).
	
	7. Display the first name, monthly discount, package number, main phone number and secondary phone number for all customers 
	whose sector name is Business (Customers, Packages and Sectors tables).
	
	8. Display the first name, monthly discount and package number for all customers whose monthly payment is greater than the average 
	monthly payment (Customers and Packages table).
	
	9. Display the first name, city, state, birthdate and monthly discount for all customers who was born on the same date as customer 
	number 179, and whose monthly discount is greater than the monthly discount of customer number 107 (Customers table)
	
	10. Display all the data from Packages table for packages whose internet speed equals to the internet speed of package number 30, 
	and whose monthly payment is greater than the monthly payment of package number 7 (Packages table).
	
	11. Display the package number, internet speed, and monthly payment for all packages whose monthly 
	payment is greater than the maximum monthly payment of packages with internet speed equals to “5Mbps” (Packages table).
	
	12. Display  the package number, internet speed and monthly payment for all packages whose monthly payment is greater than 
	the minimum monthly payment of packages with internet speed equals to “5Mbps” (Packages table).
	
	13. Display the package number, internet speed and monthly payment for all packages whose monthly payment is lower than the 
	minimum monthly payment of packages with internet speed equals to “5Mbps” (Packages table).
	
	12. Display the first name, monthly discount and package number for all customers whose monthly discount is 
	lower than the average monthly discount, and whose package number is the same as customer named “Kevin”
	
     
	 
	 

	 
	
	 